androidx.annotation.InspectableProperty$ValueType: androidx.annotation.InspectableProperty$ValueType[] values()
androidx.annotation.InspectableProperty$ValueType: androidx.annotation.InspectableProperty$ValueType valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.annotation.Keep
androidx.annotation.RestrictTo$Scope: androidx.annotation.RestrictTo$Scope[] values()
androidx.annotation.RestrictTo$Scope: androidx.annotation.RestrictTo$Scope valueOf(java.lang.String)
androidx.recyclerview.R$attr: int fastScrollEnabled
androidx.recyclerview.R$attr: int fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable
androidx.recyclerview.R$attr: int fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable
androidx.recyclerview.R$attr: int fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable
androidx.recyclerview.R$attr: int fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable
androidx.recyclerview.R$attr: int layoutManager
androidx.recyclerview.R$attr: int recyclerViewStyle
androidx.recyclerview.R$attr: int reverseLayout
androidx.recyclerview.R$attr: int spanCount
androidx.recyclerview.R$attr: int stackFromEnd
androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen: int fastscroll_default_thickness
androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen: int fastscroll_margin
androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen: int fastscroll_minimum_range
androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame
androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity
androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity
androidx.recyclerview.R$id: int icon
androidx.recyclerview.R$id: int item_touch_helper_previous_elevation
androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable: int[] RecyclerView
androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_orientation
androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_clipToPadding
androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_descendantFocusability
androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollEnabled
androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable
androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable
androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable
androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable
androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_layoutManager
androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_reverseLayout
androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_spanCount
androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_stackFromEnd
androidx.recyclerview.widget.GridLayoutManager
androidx.recyclerview.widget.GridLayoutManager: GridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager: LinearLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState
androidx.recyclerview.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: RecyclerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: void suppressLayout(boolean)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView: boolean isLayoutSuppressed()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager: RecyclerView$LayoutManager()
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState
androidx.recyclerview.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager: StaggeredGridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState
androidx.recyclerview.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.CameraActivity
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.CameraActivity: CameraActivity()
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.notification.NotificationService
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.notification.NotificationService: NotificationService()
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.HelloWorldLifecycle
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.HelloWorldTool
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int Cancel_Array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int NineOneOne_Array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int RingTheBell_Array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int TroopsInContact
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int a_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int at_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int bloodhound_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int brightness_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int callsign_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int camera_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int cardinal_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int compass_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int country_arrays
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int delete_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int details_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int drawing_objects_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int drop_a_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int emergency_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int friendly_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int from_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int high_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int hostile_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int letter_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int link_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int link_preposition_position1
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int link_preposition_position2
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int low_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int medium_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int navigate_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int neutral_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int nine_line_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int open_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int pairing_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int quick_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int range_units_abbreviation
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int range_units_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int route_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int self_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int spotmap_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int unit_tag_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int unit_types_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int unknown_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$array: int word_number_array
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$attr: int fastScrollEnabled
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$attr: int fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$attr: int fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$attr: int fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$attr: int fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$attr: int layoutManager
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$attr: int recyclerViewStyle
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$attr: int reverseLayout
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$attr: int spanCount
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$attr: int stackFromEnd
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$color: int darker_gray
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$color: int light_blue
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$color: int light_gray
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$color: int transparent
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$color: int white
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$dimen: int fastscroll_default_thickness
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$dimen: int fastscroll_margin
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$dimen: int fastscroll_minimum_range
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$dimen: int fontSize
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int abc
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int arrowright
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int btn_gray
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int dot_selected
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int dot_selector
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int dot_unselected
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int ic_launcher_badge
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int ic_route
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int new_dark_button_bg
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int new_dark_button_disabled
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int new_dark_button_selected
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int node_icon
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int radio_icon
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int rv_grid
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int rv_horizontal
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$drawable: int rv_vertical
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int addAnAircraft
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int addCountToIcon
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int addLayer
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int addMultiLayer
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int addRectangle
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int addStream
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int addToolbarItem
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int addXRoute
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int alphaGrid_txt
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int btnHookNavigationEvents
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int bumpControl
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int button1
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int callsign
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int cameraLauncher
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int coordinateEntry
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int customMenuDefault
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int customMenuFactory
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int customType
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int details_base
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int drawShapes
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int drawingExamples
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int dropMarker_btn
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int dropRoute
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int easting_txt
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int elevationExamples
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int emergency
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int emergencyExamples
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int externalGps
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int fakeArrow
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int fakeContentProvider
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int fly
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int footer_button
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int getImage
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int gpsExamples
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int grid
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int groupAdd
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int header_button
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int horizontal
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int ic_badge
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int icon
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int imageAndCamera2
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int imageAttach
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int issLocation
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int itemInspect
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int item_touch_helper_previous_elevation
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int largerButton
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int last_update
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int layoutExamples
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int listRoutes
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int markerManipulation
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int marker_txt
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int marker_type
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int mgrs_txt
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int no_emergency
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int node_info
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int northing_txt
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int notificationExamples
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int notificationSpammer
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int numericGrid_txt
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int pluginNotification
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int rView
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int radio_info
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int radio_state
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int radio_subtitle
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int radio_title
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int rbcircle
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int reXRoute
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int recyclerViewBtn
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int removeStream
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int routeExamples
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int secondRender
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int sensorFOV
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int showSearchIcon
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int smallerButton
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int speakMGRS_btn
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int specialWheelMarker
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int speechToActivity
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int speechToText_TV
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int spinner1
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int squareID_txt
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int staleoutMarker
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int surfaceAtCenter
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int tabViewBtn
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int tab_left_dot
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int tab_middle_dot
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int tab_pager
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int tab_right_dot
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int tab_title
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int textView
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int textView1
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int text_container
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int vertical
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int videoLauncher
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$id: int webView
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$layout: int blank_linearlayout
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$layout: int fragment_foo
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$layout: int hello_world_layout
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$layout: int marker_callsign_row
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$layout: int marker_callsign_tile
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$layout: int overlay_footer
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$layout: int overlay_header
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$layout: int radio_item_generic
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$layout: int recycler_view
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$layout: int specialdetail
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$layout: int speech_to_text
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$layout: int tab_swipe_view
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int Manual_mode
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int Remove_item_warn
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int action_settings
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int activity_found
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int activity_not_found
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int addAnAircraft
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int addLayer
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int addRectangle
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int addStream
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int addToolbarItem
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int addXRoute
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int app_desc
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int app_name
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int bumpControl
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int cameraLauncher
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int cancel_btn
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int confirm_btn
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int country_prompt
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int customMenuDefault
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int customType
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int drawShapes
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int dropRoute
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int drop_marker
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int emergency
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int example_footer
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int example_header
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int example_layer_description
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int externalGps
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int fakeContentProvider
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int fly
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int full_example_summary
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int full_example_title
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int hello_world
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int hookNavigation
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int imageAttach
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int issLocation
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int itemInspect
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int largerButton
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int listRoutes
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int marker_type
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int mgrs
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int no_emergency
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int notificationSpammer
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int pluginNotification
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int rbcircle
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int reXRoute
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int removeStream
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int route_exporter_name
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int sensorFOV
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int showSeachIcon
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int smallerButton
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int specialWheelMarker
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int speechToActivity
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int speechToText
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int speech_hint_12345
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int speech_hint_47
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int speech_hint_AA
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int speech_hint_hostile
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int speech_hint_u
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int speech_not_supported
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int speech_prompt_Activity
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int speech_prompt_alpha_grid_zone
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int speech_prompt_easting
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int speech_prompt_northing
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int speech_prompt_numeric_grid_zone
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int speech_prompt_square_id
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int staleoutMarker
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int summary
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int surfaceAtCenter
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int tap_on_mic
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int tap_to_speak_marker_type
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int tap_to_speak_mgrs
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int tap_to_speak_mgrs_loc
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int versionName
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int videoLauncher
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$string: int webView
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$style: int ATAKEditText
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$style: int ATAKPluginTheme
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$style: int ATAKSpinner
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$style: int ATAKSpinnerItem
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$style: int ATAKTheme
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$style: int AppTheme
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$style: int FullDropdownStyle
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$style: int RadioState
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$style: int RadioSubTitle
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$style: int RadioTitle
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$style: int Theme_Transparent
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$style: int darkButton
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$style: int unpaddedButton
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$styleable: int[] RecyclerView
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_orientation
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_clipToPadding
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_descendantFocusability
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollEnabled
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_layoutManager
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_reverseLayout
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_spanCount
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_stackFromEnd
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$xml: int preferences
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.R$xml: int subpreferences
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.recyclerview.RecyclerView
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.recyclerview.RecyclerView: RecyclerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechToActivity
com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechToActivity: SpeechToActivity()
com.javacodegeeks.android.contentprovidertest.BirthProvider
com.javacodegeeks.android.contentprovidertest.BirthProvider: BirthProvider()
