com/atakmap/android/helloworld/PluginIconPallet.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.PluginIconPallet
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.PluginIconPallet$FooFragment
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/speechtotext/SpeechBrightness.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechBrightness
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/utils/PluginRecyclerView.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.utils.PluginRecyclerView
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/recyclerview/RecyclerView.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.recyclerview.RecyclerView
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/plugin/HelloWorldLifecycle.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.HelloWorldLifecycle
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/plugin/HelloWorldTool.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.HelloWorldTool
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.HelloWorldTool$1
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/HelloWorldPreferenceFragment.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldPreferenceFragment
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldPreferenceFragment$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldPreferenceFragment$1$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldPreferenceFragment$2
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/OffscreenMapCapture.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.OffscreenMapCapture
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.OffscreenMapCapture$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.OffscreenMapCapture$2
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.OffscreenMapCapture$3
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.OffscreenMapCapture$4
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.OffscreenMapCapture$5
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.OffscreenMapCapture$GLES20Renderer
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/TabViewDropDown.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.TabViewDropDown
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.TabViewDropDown$TestFragment
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.TabViewDropDown$TestPagerAdapter
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/speechtotext/SpeechActivity.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechActivity
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/HelloWorldMapComponent.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapComponent
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapComponent$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapComponent$2
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapComponent$3
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapComponent$4
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapComponent$4$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapComponent$5
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapComponent$6
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapComponent$7
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapComponent$8
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapComponent$JoystickView
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapComponent$SpiListener
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/speechtotext/SpeechItemRemover.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechItemRemover
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechItemRemover$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechItemRemover$2
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/WebViewDropDownReceiver.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.WebViewDropDownReceiver
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.WebViewDropDownReceiver$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.WebViewDropDownReceiver$ChromeClient
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.WebViewDropDownReceiver$Client
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/speechtotext/SpeechBloodHound.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechBloodHound
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechBloodHound$1
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/menu/MenuFactory.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.menu.MenuFactory
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/plugin/BuildConfig.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.plugin.BuildConfig
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/HelloWorldContactHandler.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldContactHandler
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/HelloWorldDropDownReceiver.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$10
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$10$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$11
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$12
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$13
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$13$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$14
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$15
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$16
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$17
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$18
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$19
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$19$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$2
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$20
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$21
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$22
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$23
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$24
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$25
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$26
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$26$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$27
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$28
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$29
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$3
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$30
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$31
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$32
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$33
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$34
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$35
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$36
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$37
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$37$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$38
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$39
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$4
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$40
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$40$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$41
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$42
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$43
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$44
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$45
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$46
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$47
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$48
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$49
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$5
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$50
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$51
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$51$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$52
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$53
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$53$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$54
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$55
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$56
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$57
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$58
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$59
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$6
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$7
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$8
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$9
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldDropDownReceiver$InspectionMapItemSelectionTool
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/samplelayer/ExampleLayer.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.samplelayer.ExampleLayer
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.samplelayer.ExampleLayer$1
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/SpecialDetail.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.SpecialDetail
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/menu/CancelAction.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.menu.CancelAction
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.menu.CancelAction$1
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/samplelayer/GLExampleMultiLayer.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.samplelayer.GLExampleMultiLayer
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.samplelayer.GLExampleMultiLayer$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.samplelayer.GLExampleMultiLayer$2
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.samplelayer.GLExampleMultiLayer$Data
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/recyclerview/RecyclerViewDropDown.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.recyclerview.RecyclerViewDropDown
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.recyclerview.RecyclerViewDropDown$1
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/SpecialDetailHandler.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.SpecialDetailHandler
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/speechtotext/SpeechLinker.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechLinker
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/SpeechToTextActivity.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.SpeechToTextActivity
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.SpeechToTextActivity$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.SpeechToTextActivity$2
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.SpeechToTextActivity$3
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.SpeechToTextActivity$4
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.SpeechToTextActivity$5
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.SpeechToTextActivity$6
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.SpeechToTextActivity$7
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.SpeechToTextActivity$8
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.SpeechToTextActivity$9
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.SpeechToTextActivity$SpeechDataListener
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.SpeechToTextActivity$SpeechDataReceiver
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/routes/RouteExportMarshal.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.routes.RouteExportMarshal
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/RouteEventListener.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.RouteEventListener
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.RouteEventListener$1
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/HelloWorldSubPreferenceFragment.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldSubPreferenceFragment
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/speechtotext/SpeechNavigator.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechNavigator
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechNavigator$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechNavigator$2
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/speechtotext/SpeechToActivity.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechToActivity
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechToActivity$SpeechDataListener
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechToActivity$SpeechDataReceiver
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/ShaderInfo.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.ShaderInfo
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/notification/NotificationService.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.notification.NotificationService
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/speechtotext/SpeechPointDropper.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechPointDropper
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechPointDropper$1
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/HelloWorldWidget.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldWidget
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldWidget$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldWidget$2
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/samplelayer/ExampleMultiLayer.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.samplelayer.ExampleMultiLayer
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.samplelayer.ExampleMultiLayer$1
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/recyclerview/RecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.recyclerview.RecyclerViewAdapter
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.recyclerview.RecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/HelloWorldMapOverlay.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapOverlay
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapOverlay$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapOverlay$HelloWorldDeepMapItemQuery
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapOverlay$HelloWorldListModel
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.HelloWorldMapOverlay$LayerHierarchyListItem
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/speechtotext/SpeechDetailOpener.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechDetailOpener
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/GLSpecialMarker.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.GLSpecialMarker
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.GLSpecialMarker$1
com/javacodegeeks/android/contentprovidertest/BirthProvider.java
 com.javacodegeeks.android.contentprovidertest.BirthProvider
 com.javacodegeeks.android.contentprovidertest.BirthProvider$DBHelper
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/samplelayer/GLExampleLayer.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.samplelayer.GLExampleLayer
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.samplelayer.GLExampleLayer$1
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.samplelayer.GLExampleLayer$2
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.samplelayer.GLExampleLayer$Data
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/speechtotext/SpeechNineLine.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.speechtotext.SpeechNineLine
com/atakmap/android/helloworld/CameraActivity.java
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.CameraActivity
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.CameraActivity$CameraDataListener
 com.atakmap.android.helloworld.CameraActivity$CameraDataReceiver
